---
layout: post
title: My Aphorisms
summary: Short ideas or observations about the world around me...
weight: 1
lastupdated: Dec 14 2012 06:27 AM
---


*   Team dynamics seem to be much healthier when the person leading what gets done and the one leading how are not the same person.
*   We equate effort with value because effort's easier to quantify and measure. In knowledge work they don't correlate. Ever.
*   Dev manager: show me your skills, if they fit I'll hire you. Agile team: show us your values, if they fit we'll teach you the skills.
*   If at first you don't succeed and you can't afford to try again, you probably approached it wrong.
*   If you want to find the person in an organisation with the authority to effect structural change, go up the management stack passing all those that can say no, and find one with the power to say yes.
*   To any employer: if you can't afford to trade an hour of received labor for an hour of given mentorship you're doing your maths wrong.
*   When someone tells me a tech is powerful but complicated I'm skeptical. When they say it's powerful and simple then they have my attention.
*   How many great books have been written in the name of profit? Probably very few.
*   Probably the most important life lesson I have learnt in the last 5 years: Context is King.
*   The right food is important; Desires of the body increase when they are not satisfied. Desires of the mind increase when they are.
*   Next challenge for mid-large enterprise: understanding they still need good software developers whilst good developers no longer need them.