---
layout: post
title: Quotes
summary: A collection of other people's quotes and comments that mean something to me...
weight: 2
lastupdated: Dec 14 2012 05:27 AM
---

* "If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together." -- African Proverb
* "The amount of work is infinite, constantly. Doing one thing does not reduce the backlog. Infinity-1=infinity." -- Jim Mccarthy
* "The task of the modern educator is not to cut down jungles, but to irrigate deserts." -- CS Lewis
* "Every new problem domain will attempt to seduce you with its beautiful, chess-like subtlety. Ignore this and respond by playing checkers." -- @codinghorror
* "Inexperienced devs produce clever code. The master produces the simplest, minimal solution he can get away with." -- @jdtangney
* "It is not actual suffering but a taste of better things which excites people to revolt." -- Eric Hoffer
* "The journey is the reward." -- Chinese Proverb
* "Development is not science. Customers don't want 'truths'" -- @flowchainsensei
* "Pairing is Continuous Integration for ideas." -- Joshua Kerievsky
* "Why would you think building an effective organisation requires any less discipline than building good software?" -- @flowchainsensei
* "Trust the leaders who often say 'I don't know.' The rest of them are faking it, or worse, delusional.” -- Donald Miller
* "Remember, patterns are not used to solve a problem. They are NOT tools. The Patterns are IN the problem - your job is to discover them" -- A Kolsky
* "The thicker your company’s policy document, the more top management is abdicating their actual responsibility" -- @baldyza
* "People ought to think more about who wrote the software that's running in their head (sigh). It probably wasn't them." -- Elon Musk